# Protein Secondary Structure Support Vector Mechine PredictorThis predictor takes protein sequence fasta files, and predicts the amino acid structure in 3 state format.It is trained using cas2.3line dataset. And it also predicts sequence structure in 3 state format.data/testset.dat is an example of sequences it could predict._To use this predictor, please set work directory as /StrucPred and run the **predictor.py** file._**Features:**-  Use evolutionary information (psiblast and PSSM)-  Use the neighbor amino acids information in prediction (Builing amino acid windows)- A variaty of SVM methods to choose, including linear SVM and rbfsvm.- Cross Validation methods are used to split the dataset.- Other machine learning method can be used to compare the prediction result, including random forest and simple decision tree.- Prediction and evaluation of predaction are stored in the result folder. (You can find some evaluation of predictions I have tried._This predictor is written in Python3_**Download：**``` git clone “https://www.github.com/FuqiXu/StruPred"```**Packages required：**  To use this predictor, you need to install pickle, pandas 0.22.0, scikiy-learn 0.19.1 package。## Models to choose : There are several models to choose from in the model folder.You can change the model in lin293, predictor.py ### Evaluation:The evalations are stored in /result folder, which include Q3 and coeffeience co.You can also get the cross validation store and prediction accuracy by removing the triple-quotes. This may take a long time.## Coding files:1. model_*.py files are files I used to create different models. 2. additional_dataset_parser.py is used to parser additional 50 protein sequences.## PSSM:In pssm folder:Folder 'Sequences': sequences to be psiblastedFolder 'psiblast_pssm': raw pssm result given by psiblastFolder 'pssmMatrix': pssm in csv formatformatdb.sh : formating psiblast database-psiblast.sh: carry out psiblastextractPSSM.py : raw pssm result to pssm.csvparser_PSSMtoSVM_MultipleFiles.py : parse pssm and use it later in svm